README.md, before:

# CRT-miss-mod

This repository contains files used for the simulations and applications of "Assessing treatment effect heterogeneity in the presence of missing effect modifier data in cluster-randomized trials" (submitted manuscript).

### Replication of simulation study

The file *crt-hte-missing-modifier.R* can be used to replicate Scenario 1 of the simulation study and the file *crt-hte-missing-modifier.R* can be used to replicate Scenario 2 of the simulation study. Run the simulator function in each file for 2000 replications for each of `num_clusters %in% c(20, 50, 100)` with the input seed structure described at the bottom of the files. To make the main figures of the paper, see *make-sim-fig.R*.

### Replication of application

To replicate the data analysis presented in the paper, you must download publically available data from the Work, Family, and Health Study [https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/web/DSDR/studies/36158/versions/V2](https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/web/DSDR/studies/36158/versions/V2). Then use the code file *data-analysis.R*.

Commit message:

Update README to include shell scripts

README.md, after:

# CRT-miss-mod

This repository contains files used for the simulations and applications of "Assessing treatment effect heterogeneity in the presence of missing effect modifier data in cluster-randomized trials" (submitted manuscript).

### Replication of simulation study

The file *crt-hte-missing-modifier.R* can be used to replicate Scenario 1 of the simulation study and the file *crt-hte-missing-modifier2.R* can be used to replicate Scenario 2 of the simulation study. Run the simulator function in each file for 2000 replications for each of `num_clusters %in% c(20, 50, 100)` with the input seed structure described at the bottom of the files. The corresponding shell script files are specific to the first author's institution's computing cluster, but may be useful for other computing environments. To make the main figures of the paper, see *make-sim-fig.R*.

### Replication of application

To replicate the data analysis presented in the paper, you must download publically available data from the Work, Family, and Health Study [https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/web/DSDR/studies/36158/versions/V2](https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/web/DSDR/studies/36158/versions/V2). Then use the code file *data-analysis.R*.
